(619) Document release and deployment process (#213)
DFE-Digital/dfe-complete-conversions-transfers-and-changes: doc/releases-and-deploys.md

  or locally with `git fetch --tags & git tag`.

- Update the `CHANGELOG.md`: add a release-x heading under the unreleased
  heading and update the links at the bottom of the file.
- Commit this change with `git commit -m "release-x"`.
- Push this branch and open a PR.
- You can use the
  [release checklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DFE-Digital/dfe-complete-conversions-transfers-and-changes/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release.md)
  as the PR message and to ensure all steps are completed.
- Get this PR reviewed and approved, once approved, merge into the `main`
  branch.
- Tag the merge commit with `release-x` with
  `git fetch & git tag release-x commit-sha` where `commit-sha` is the SHA of
  the merge commit.
- Push the tag with `git push --tags`
- Create a new
  [Release in GitHub](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/dfe-complete-conversions-transfers-and-changes/releases/new),
  reference the release tag and paste in the changes from `CHANGELOG.md`
  included in the release.

We have a [template](https://trello.com/c/8enGdMyy) to track releases on our
Trello board.

## Deployments

> A deployment apply the changes in a release to an environment with the exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deployment applies the changes in a release to an environment, with the exception
```

> of development, which simply tracks the `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the `development` environment which instead tracks the `main` branch.
```
